okay there's one of the small bucks just
walked out there's a couple other bucks
here with them and we are just waiting
for this big one to walk out waiting
we'll see what happens
okay yeah it looks good
you shoot yeah okay just I got it going
good shot I'm watching you shot he's
stopped he's going down he's down he's
fucking down he's rolling down the hill
down l oh yeah still rolling still
rolling okay here we are Austin and I we
just shot this buck at 625 yards one
shot kill perfect just right through
there he just went little ways and then
rolled down the hill we need to go over
and get him here in just a minute yeah
pretty fun yeah job well here i am with
high country outfitters I was hunting
with Austin crane and we put in quite a
bit of time hadn't seen anything real
big finally decided to try out this gun
works gun which we've shot quite a few
animals in the past with we were
shooting 630 yards one shot kill as you
saw in the video he takes off running
then he just piles up and rolled but it
was a lot of fun we saw quite a few deer
and some milk and even a black bear
during the hunting the Rams are butting
their heads over there in the cliffs but
it was pretty fun we had a great time
George always has a great camp anyway
you get a chance to try out a gun works
gun you ought to do it